---
id: 132
slug: tennis
title: 'Tennis'
date: 2013-08-14T20:52:19
modified: 2024-12-23T20:46:22
source: https://thefolp.org/facilities/tennis/
---

Lafayette-Pointer Park has four tennis courts located on the corner of the park at Quesada Street and 33rd Street. There are two asphalt courts on the lower level side by side and two courts on the upper level. These tennis courts were completely upgraded in the spring of 2004 with a new layer of asphalt to cover the old, cracked courts that were neglected for many years. New fencing and gates were also installed. This was done through a capital improvement program by D.C. Parks and Recreation. The courts were later upgraded again.

Over the years, the FOLP has invested in the maintenance and upkeep of the courts by purchasing trash containers, brooms and tennis court rollers to remove the debris that falls from the nearby trees and water from rain and snow.

[image: Playing Tennis]

When the tennis courts were upgraded in 2004, the upper court where mini-tennis courts had been located was converted to a multipurpose court and was completely fenced in. Basketball hoops were installed and a mini-tennis net was put in place. Lines were put on the green coating for basketball and volleyball. So now the multipurpose court can be used for basketball, volleyball, mini-tennis, mini-soccer and rollerblade hockey. The multipurpose court is not a full size basketball court.

[image: Tennis]The school basketball courts have lights so they can be used after sunset. A tennis practice wall is also available down at the Lafayette Elementary School. It is on the north side of the school just behind the new portable classrooms. It has lines for a net and half a court and can be used to practice shots and play wall tennis. There are no lights on the tennis courts at Lafayette Park so if you want to play at night after dark you can use nearby tennis courts at UDC on Yuma Street, NW near Connecticut Avenue, NW; at the Rock Creek Tennis Center (202 722-5949) at 16th and Kennedy Sts., NW; or at Meadowbrook Park (AKA Candy Cane City Park) on Beach Drive near East-West Highway. There are also several private tennis clubs in the area that have indoor or lighted tennis courts.

Tennis Court Usage Guidelines

The tennis courts are to be used for tennis and soccer-tennis only. Dogs should not be run on the courts because their toe nails will scratch off the color coating and accelerate the deterioration of the court surfaces. Skate boards, roller skates and bicycles are also harmful to the tennis courts and discouraged.

The Lafayette-Pointer Park tennis courts are open for use by the public seven days a week. Sometimes the tennis courts will be scheduled by activities that have acquired a permit from D.C. Parks and Recreation. These activities include tennis camps, tennis classes, tennis clinics, tennis mixers, and tennis tournaments. Schedules and dates for these activities will be posted at the tennis courts.

Play on the courts is primarily for people who want to play singles and doubles tennis but also for individuals who want to practice their shots and serves. On the lower court next to the alley there is a practice rebounder that an individual can use to warm-up or practice shots.

If new players arrive at the tennis courts and they are all in use, the group that has been on the courts the longest should wrap up their game or match if they have been on the court for an hour or more then surrender their court to the next group in line.

If a sign-up sheet is available, new arrivals should sign up to indicate their desire to use a court. It is good court etiquette to inquire from other waiting parties how many groups are waiting to play to determine the wait time to get onto a court.

Individuals waiting for a partner to arrive should be given a 15 minute grace period then give up the court to the next party that has all of their players at the courts ready to play.

Tennis programs

[image: Tennis Instruction]

Afterschool Tennis Classes

In the Spring and the Fall, tennis classes for students at Lafayette, Blessed Sacrament and other nearby schools in the area are available at 3:30 PM and 4:30 PM. These classes are for children between the ages of 4 1/2 and 13. Classes for teens are available at 5:30 PM and for adults at 6:30 PM. The Fall classes start right after school and last 8 weeks. The Spring classes start in early April and last for 10 weeks. If you are interested in these programs, send an email to [link mailto:info1@thefolp.org info1@thefolp.org].

Lunchtime Tennis at Lafayette Elementary School (LES)

Because LES is right next to Lafayette Park, Paul Rosenbaum started a program on the suggestion of Lisa Jensen, a teacher at LES, that would give 1st through 6th grade students at LES the option to play tennis with their friends and classmates during their lunchtime recess. Students can play once or twice a week. These programs run in the Fall and Spring for 10 weeks. Send an email to [link mailto:info1@thefolp.org info1@thefolp.org][link mailto:info@thefolp.org  ]if you are interested in the program.

Tennis Ladders

If you are new to the area or just want to meet some other tennis players who play tennis at your level, the tennis ladder is a great way to find new competition. You join the ladder and based on an assessment by a local tennis instructor you will be assigned a position on the ladder. You will receive contact information for the other tennis players on the ladder. You set up your own matches and report the results to the Tennis Ladder Coordinator. You can play as many or as few matches as you like. You can challenge up to meet tougher competition. Ladders are available for Men’s Singles, Men’s Doubles, Women’s Singles, Women’s Doubles and Mixed Doubles. Send an email to [link mailto:info1@thefolp.org info1@thefolp.or][link mailto:info@thefolp.org g] to get started.

Tennis Events Tennis Mixers

These are half day events that require a commitment of two to three hours where you sign up to play several short matches against the other players or teams who are at the same skill level as you or your team. This gives you a chance to meet other players in the neighborhood and sharpen your tennis skills without requiring the time commitment of a tennis tournament. If you are interested in participating in a mixer, send an email to [link mailto:info1@thefolp.org info1@thefolp.org]. Dates will be posted for Mixers next Spring.

Tennis Tournaments

Find out how good you are against local competition by signing up for a tournament to play competitive 2 out of 3 set matches against players in your skill level. Depending on the size of the draw, you may need to play 3 or 4 matches to win the trophy. If you are interested in playing in a tournament, send an email to [link mailto:info1@thefolp.org info1@thefolp.or][link mailto:info@thefolp.org g].

Shot Clinics

These are one day clinics that last 2 or 3 hours focusing on one shot. The clinic will be taught by a tennis pro and you will have many drills to learn and develop your skill on that shot. If you are interested in these clinics, send an email to [link mailto:info1@thefolp.org info1@thefolp.org].